Hello World 


in:
Pokémon anime characters, Male characters, Characters from Kanto, and 21 more
Ash Ketchum
English
VIEW SOURCE
 
SHARE
WATCH	01:08
The Story of Ash Ketchum
For the variant appearing in the games, see Red (game).
Ash Ketchum
(サトシ Satoshi)
 
Character information
Gender:
Male
Region:
Kanto
Debut:
Pokémon - I Choose You!
Hometown:
Pallet Town
Family:
Delia Ketchum (mother)
Unnamed father
Unnamed grandfather
Friends:
Serena
Professor Oak
Gary
Misty
Brock
Tracey
May
Max
Dawn
Iris
Cilan
N
Clemont
Bonnie
Alain
Lana
Kiawe
Mallow
Sophocles
Lillie
Charles Goodshow
Ritchie
Professor Ivy
Professor Elm
Professor Birch
Professor Rowan
Professor Juniper
Professor Sycamore
Professor Kukui
Professor Burnet
Occupation:
Trainer
Voice actor:
Rica Matsumoto (Japanese)
Veronica Taylor (4Kids; English)
Sarah Natochenny (PUSA/DuArt; English)
Kayzie Rogers (The Mastermind of Mirage Pokémon; first dub only; English)
Ash Ketchum is the main protagonist of the Pokémon anime series who has always dreamed of becoming a Pokémon Master. As soon as he turned ten years old, he rushed to Professor Oak's Laboratory to get his first Pokémon. He is the first human character to be introduced in the series. Originally wanting to choose Squirtle, Ash ended up receiving the Pokémon Pikachu, as he arrived late leaving him with no other starters to choose from. He sets onto his adventure later in the day. He is currently also the only character shown to have been to all of the regions.

At first, Pikachu did not obey Ash and kept running away, so Ash had to tie him up. After getting chased by a flock of Spearow, Ash attempted to save Pikachu from them; seeing Ash so determined to help him, Pikachu protected Ash from the Spearow by electrocuting the entire flock, thanks to being struck by lightning at that exact moment, supercharging his Electric-type move. From then on, Pikachu and Ash became best friends forever. As an unskilled trainer, Ash started his adventure while meeting his friends Misty, Brock, and capturing new Pokémon.

Ash eventually defeated all the Gym Leaders in Kanto, allowing him to enter in the Pokémon League. Since then, he has continued to travel, journeying through the various regions, making new friends such as Tracey, May, Max, Dawn, Iris, Cilan, Clemont, Bonnie, and meeting his childhood friend Serena, challenging all the Gym Leaders, entering each region's Pokémon League and catching new Pokémon while still following his goal of becoming a Pokémon Master. Since this goal is so close to his heart, he sometimes acts a bit rash and rushes to the next battle he can as fast as possible without thinking. Ash is currently attending Pokémon School in the Alola region, with his new friends Lillie, Mallow, Lana, Sophocles and Kiawe. Ash's name in the Japanese version of the anime is Satoshi, likely after Satoshi Tajiri, the creator of Pokémon.
